== brine - Sync features to/from Github Issues

v0.0.1

=== Global Options
=== --help
Show this message



=== --version
Display the program version



=== Commands
==== Command: <tt>help  command</tt>
Shows a list of commands or help for one command

Gets help for the application or its commands. Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function
===== Options
===== -c
List commands one per line, to assist with shell completion



==== Command: <tt>initconfig </tt>
Initialize the config file using current global options

Initializes a configuration file where you can set default options for command line flags, both globally and on a per-command basis.  These defaults override the built-in defaults and allow you to omit commonly-used command line flags when invoking this program
===== Options
===== --[no-]force
force overwrite of existing config file



==== Command: <tt>list </tt>
List Github issues

List Github issues

This lists the open issues that live in Github and have at least one of the
following labels: enhancement, feature, story, use case, user story
==== Command: <tt>pull  [issue or feature]</tt>
Pull features from Github

Pull features from Github

If given an issue number, that issue will be written to a feature.

If given a feature file, that feature will be updated from Github.

If given no arguments, all issues are pulled as features.
==== Command: <tt>push  [feature]</tt>
Pull features from Github

Push features to Github

If given a feature file, that feature will be pushed to Github.

If given no arguments, all features are pushed as issues.

In either of the above scenarios, if an equivalent issue already
exists, it will be updated. Otherwise, a new issue will be
created.
